---
layout: post
author:
- Logan O'Roark
---
This post is designed to be a reflection in reguards to updating the CSS changes to this blog.
Topics for discussion will include:
- What were the easiest parts of the tutorial? 
- What were confusing parts of the tutorial? 
- What was difficult to translate when creating your own application in Step 2? 
- What parallels and differences do you see between the Jekyll framework and the Razor framework? 
- How confident do you feel making another Razor application?

Here is more information on [Lab 8][lab-8].

Here is my [GitHub][git-link] for Lab 8.

#### Easiest Parts of Tutorial
Overall, I found the tutorial straight forward and easy to follow. The easiest steps I found to be adding the model and adding search features. The model appeared to be be very straight forward in the setup as setting th different fields in the initalization was easy and had a straight forward C# variable setup. The search felt simple at the .cs level and the additon of an actual search bar on the page in the .cshtml file was simple as well. The genre search was also not very difficult to implement. 

#### Confusing Parts of Tutorial
The confusing section included the scaffolding steps. This wasn't neccesarily the hardest thing to follow, but I found it to be the most techincal. This step gave the application the most functionality as it created a means the modify the database in the model. The "confusing" part of this step was mainly the amount of moving peices, but overall was not too difficult to implement.

#### Difficulties Creating Part 2
Creating my own page from the tutorial was very easy. I found it easy to follow the technical sections while creting my own model and database implemtation based on the applications structure. One "difficulty" that came up was a small error in my search feature in the application where the search string had to be exact in captialization, but a simple lowercasing function fixed that bug. Overall, it was easy based on the work in the tutorial.

#### Similarities and Differences Between Jekyll and Razor Frameworks
When considering some similarities between the two frameworks, they both appear to take in a seprate style of coding language other than traditional HTML and CSS, with template stylings. In both the data/ pages are seprate from how the webpage is displayed, creating clean structures in both. The comparison mainly comes in the differences of the frameworks. Jykell creates a static webpage which is good for simple use cases like this blog. The static design relies less on servers post deployment. Razer is dynamic in that it generates the HTML files through the servers runtime making it great for handling databases.

#### Confidence Level in Making Another Razer App
Through this tutorial I feel confident in my abilities to create a simple Razer Application. 

[lab-8]: https://hendrix-cs.github.io/csci340/

[git-link]: https://github.com/LoganO03/logano03.github.io/tree/main/csci340lab8